emacs try.pdf
open try.pdf
open assignment.pdf
cd EEE492
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
emacs assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
emacs assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
ls
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
open assignment1.pdf
python3 test.py
ls
mkdir orgfolder
cd orgfolder
